government has a massive weakness here
and
we The Ordinary People of the country
who are struggling
and people who should be criticizing the
government in the media are not making
the most of it so here's a fantastic
opportunity to attack the government
and force them to give us an answer
because if they look into it
and actually find out who has that 700
billion pounds they will find that it's
sitting in the bank account of the
richest people in the country driving up
the prices of the things you need of the
houses you need
and making it increasingly impossible
for ordinary families just to live their
lives
so I think this is a great opportunity
and
I said in recent videos
I'm really planning to challenge the
government in the longer term here but I
know there are people that have energy
now to do something now here is a real
weakness
attack them tell your friends tell your
family they're giving out 700 billion
pounds and they don't even know who
they've given it to